Document FXIOS-11533 [Readmes] Simplify referencing Xcode versions and update links (#25057)
mozilla-mobile/firefox-ios: focus-ios/README.md

This is the subdirectory that contains the Focus iOS application.

> Browse like no one’s watching. The new Firefox Focus automatically blocks a wide range of online trackers — from the moment you launch it to the second you leave it. Easily erase your history, passwords and cookies, so you won’t get followed by things like unwanted ads.

> > [Download on the App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1055677337).

Author: TBH I wanted to have the whole App Store quote, together with the link, somewhat separated, as these docs are linked from the main readme as "build instructions" — so the real instructions similar to FxiOS readme start visibly with the IDE/env info right below it.

(My instinct would be to remove this product/mktg copy from this file altogether TBH as it is slightly unrelated/distracting; just didn't want to do so without prior approval.)

> > [Download on the App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1055677337).

Reviewer: I think these README's are intended to be project introductions, build instructions being a (large) part of that

@lmarceau do you know about the decision behind adding the marketing copy (or where it even comes from? old app store copy?). Seems a bit unnecessary and maybe even inconsistent since we don't have this in the firefox project.

> > [Download on the App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1055677337).

Author: _(It indeed is an old App Store copy, from ca mid-2017…)_

It's still being used in Android docs though:
- https://github.com/mozilla-mobile/firefox-android/blob/main/focus-android/README.md
- https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/mobile/android/focus-android/Home.html

> > Browse like no one’s watching. The new Firefox Focus automatically blocks a wide range of online trackers — from the moment you launch it to the second you leave it. Easily erase your history, passwords and cookies, so you won’t get followed by things like unwanted ads.
> > [Download on the App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1055677337).
> 

Author: I opted for removing this for consistency and less maintenance.

```suggestion
```

> For versions of Xcode and Swift this branch of Focus iOS works with, and the minimum iOS supported version, see [readme](../README.md) at the root of the project.

Author: ```suggestion
For details on compatible Xcode and Swift versions used to build this project, as well as the minimum iOS version, refer to the root [README](../README.md).
```

## Getting Involved

> For information about participation, communication channels, instructions how to run on devices using free personal developer accounts, coding standards or PR rules, see the [guidelines](https://github.com/mozilla-mobile/firefox-ios/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) on how to contribute to this project.

Author: ```suggestion
For information on how to contribute to this project, including communication channels, coding style, PR naming guidelines and more, visit the [Contribution guidelines](https://github.com/mozilla-mobile/firefox-ios/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

## Build Instructions

> 1. Install the version of [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/download/applications/) from Apple that matches what this project uses, as listed in the [table](../README.md) at repository root.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Install the version of [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/download/applications/) from Apple that matches what this project uses, as listed in the root [README](../README.md).
```
